README.md, before:

# Project Title

marcellui portfolio + ai chat bot project

## Overview

What is your app? Brief description in a couple of sentences.
it is a portfolio app for myself that has my resume and previous projects and experiences.
under the projects tab there will be an ai chatbot where when you send a message it gives a personalized response potentially based on what I would say

### Problem

Why is your app needed? Background information around any pain points or other reasons.

app is needed for a portfolio for myself to give to employers and prospective individuals who are interested in myself

### User Profile

Who will use your app? How will they use it? Any special considerations that your app must take into account.

employers and other individuals interested in me will use this app. there are no special considerations that must be taken into account

### Features

List the functionality that your app will include. These can be written as user stories or descriptions with related details. Do not describe _how_ these features are implemented, only _what_ needs to be implemented.

home page with a nav bar with the tabs (home/about/projects/resume)
the home page has a quick intro about me
the about page has a detailed writeup about me
the projects page has a list of projects completed by me, and you can click into each project to view it in more detail
the resume page has my resume

## Implementation

### Tech Stack

List technologies that will be used in your app, including any libraries to save time or provide more functionality. Be sure to research any potential limitations.

React
Node 
Express (?)

### APIs

List any external sources of data that will be used in your app.

https://platform.openai.com/docs/quickstart?context=node

### Sitemap

List the pages of your app with brief descriptions. You can show this visually, or write it out.

the home page has a quick intro about me
the about page has a detailed writeup about me
the projects page has a list of projects completed by me, and you can click into each project to view it in more detail
the resume page has my resume


### Mockups

Provide visuals of your app's screens. You can use tools like Figma or pictures of hand-drawn sketches.

https://www.figma.com/file/fK4m58FE0wzLaRYeVDCFju/Mockup-Capstone?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=vKIE6l6FzyO9tZeQ-1

### Data

Describe your data and the relationships between them. You can show this visually using diagrams, or write it out. 

N/A

### Endpoints

List endpoints that your server will implement, including HTTP methods, parameters, and example responses.

/home - goes to the home page
/about - goes to the about page
/projects - goes to the projects page
/resume - goes to the resume page


### Auth

Does your project include any login or user profile functionality? If so, describe how authentication/authorization will be implemented.

none

## Roadmap

Scope your project as a sprint. Break down the tasks that will need to be completed and map out timeframes for implementation. Think about what you can reasonably complete before the due date. The more detail you provide, the easier it will be to build.

week 1 build out front end site 
week 2 build out AI chat bot

## Nice-to-haves

Your project will be marked based on what you committed to in the above document. Under nice-to-haves, you can list any additional features you may complete if you have extra time, or after finishing.

blog feature where i can post blogs

Commit message:

update readme and about/home content

README.md, after:

# Project Title

marcellui portfolio + ai chat bot project

## Overview

What is your app? Brief description in a couple of sentences.
it is a portfolio app for myself that has my resume and previous projects and experiences.
under the projects tab there will be an ai chatbot where when you send a message it gives a personalized response potentially based on what I would say

### Problem

Why is your app needed? Background information around any pain points or other reasons.

app is needed for an interactive portfolio for myself to give to employers and prospective individuals who are interested in myself. Interactive porfolio with an AI chat feature would be useful because it allows for employers and individuals with questions about me to be answered without me being online or wait for a response via email.

### User Profile

Who will use your app? How will they use it? Any special considerations that your app must take into account.

employers and other individuals interested in me will use this app. there are no special considerations that must be taken into account

### Features

List the functionality that your app will include. These can be written as user stories or descriptions with related details. Do not describe _how_ these features are implemented, only _what_ needs to be implemented.

home page with a nav bar with the tabs (home/about/projects/resume)
the home page has a quick intro about me
the about page has a detailed writeup about me
the projects page has a list of projects completed by me, and you can click into each project to view it in more detail
the resume page has my resume

## Implementation

### Tech Stack

List technologies that will be used in your app, including any libraries to save time or provide more functionality. Be sure to research any potential limitations.

React
Node 
Express
Open AI

### APIs

List any external sources of data that will be used in your app.

https://platform.openai.com/docs/quickstart?context=node

### Sitemap

List the pages of your app with brief descriptions. You can show this visually, or write it out.

the home page has a quick intro about me
the about page has a detailed writeup about me
the projects page has a list of projects completed by me, and you can click into each project to view it in more detail
the resume page has my resume


### Mockups

Provide visuals of your app's screens. You can use tools like Figma or pictures of hand-drawn sketches.

https://www.figma.com/file/fK4m58FE0wzLaRYeVDCFju/Mockup-Capstone?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=vKIE6l6FzyO9tZeQ-1

### Data

Describe your data and the relationships between them. You can show this visually using diagrams, or write it out. 

N/A

### Endpoints

List endpoints that your server will implement, including HTTP methods, parameters, and example responses.

/home - goes to the home page
/about - goes to the about page
/projects - goes to the projects page
/resume - goes to the resume page


### Auth

Does your project include any login or user profile functionality? If so, describe how authentication/authorization will be implemented.

none

## Roadmap

Scope your project as a sprint. Break down the tasks that will need to be completed and map out timeframes for implementation. Think about what you can reasonably complete before the due date. The more detail you provide, the easier it will be to build.


Nov 14 Finish Proposal
Nov 15 
week 1 build out front end site 
week 2 build out AI chat bot

## Nice-to-haves

Your project will be marked based on what you committed to in the above document. Under nice-to-haves, you can list any additional features you may complete if you have extra time, or after finishing.

blog feature where i can post blogs
